English:
Cornelia Steinkelner

Hi, I'm Cornelia, I come from bigest city in Austria, Viena.
I was in the Artschool Herbststraße, where I learned about woodworking, gold smithing and ceramics. On top of that i learned how to work in a team, by writing my thesis with a partner. It required a lot of communication and organization.

Now i want to become a Webdeveloper, to work in a creative and technical field. 
In Codefactory I allready learned to work whith Github, HTML, CSS and even codeing whith Javascript is now easy for me.

In my freetime I like to draw, write stories, do Kendo and swimm.


German:
Cornelia Steinkelner

Hi, ich bin Cornelia, Ich komme aus der größten Stadt Österreichs, Wien. Ich war in der Kunstschule Herbststraße, dort habe ich über Tischlerei, Gold schmieden und Keramik gelernt. Dort habe ich auch, während meiner Abschlussarbeit, gelernt in Teams zu arbeiten, wo Kommunikation und Organisation wichtig sind.

Heute will ich ein Webdeveloper werden, um kreativ und technisch arbeiten zu können.
In der Codefactory habe ich bereits gelernt mit Github, HTML und CSS umzugehen und auch JavaScript stellt kein Problem für mich da.

In meiner Freizeit liebe ich es zu zeichnen, Geschichten zu schreiben und mich sportlich zu betätigen in Kendo oder beim Schwimmen.

Slovenian:
Cornelia Steinkelner
Pozdravljeni. Sem Cornelia in prihajam iz najvecjega in hkrati glavnega mesta v Avstriji, iz Dunaja.
Studirala sem na fakulteti za umetnost. Tam sem se naucila kovanja zlata, obdelovanja lesa in keramike. Zelo dobra vem kako je delovati v ekipi, ker sem naredila mojo diplomo skupaj s sosolcem. Bilo je potrebne veliko koordinacije in komunikacije.
Zdaj pa zelim postati fullstack web programer, in delati v tehnicni panogi.
V codefactory sem se ze naucila delati z Githubom, HTMLjem in CSSem in tudi programiranje v Javascript jeziku mi ni noben problem.
V prostem casu rada risem, pisem zgodbe, treniram Kendo in plavam.

Spanish:
Cornelia Steinkelner:

Hola mi nombre es Cornelia,vengo de la ciudad mas grande de Austria,Viena.
Estudie en la Herbsstrasse escuela de Arte en esa escuela aprendi carpinteria,Orfebreria y Ceramica.

En el trayecto de mi carrera al final tambien aprendi a trabajar con grupos adonde la comunicacion y organizacion son muy importantes.

Ahora quiero ser una Reveladora de Paginas de Diseno,para ser mas creativa y tener mas conociemientos en la tecnica de Disenos para que en el futuro pueda trabajar .

En mi tiempo libre amo dibujar,escribir Historias, y para distraerme juego Kendo o voy a Nadar.
